WORLD_EVENT 


1. How to trigger the event. 
Using your mouse, click on a space that is not currently occupied by an entity. 


2. What should happen when the event is triggered. 
An affected area's grass should darken becoming "swamp grass". 
All the Tree entities in the affected area should turn into DeadTree entities. 
All the Stump entities in the affected area should turn into Log entities. 
All the House entities in the affected area should turn into Hut entities. 
Any Dude entities in the area at the time of the click should turn into Villager entities.
Two Villager entities will spawn on the map. 
Two Witch entities will spawn on the map. 


3. What the affected entities should do. 
DeadTree entities are unable to be cut down by Dude entities. They now act as obstacles. 
Log entities effectively maintain the same functionality as Stump entities, but fairies can't transform them back to trees.
Hut entities turn DudeFull entities that visit it into Villager entities instead of DudeNotFull entities. 
Villager entities' target is the House. When they reach a House Villager entities transform back into DudeNotFull entities. 


4. What the new entity is and how it should behave. 
The new entity is a Witch entity. 
The Witch entity chases down Villager entities and turns them into Statue entities. 
The Witch entity's movement is "teleportation." 
The "teleportation" movement is decided by A*. If the path is long enough, the Witch moves to the 5th point in the path next.  
Statue entities are unable to move. Fairy entities can transform Statue entities back into Villager entities. 


5. The names of each partner and what each partner was responsible for. 

Jack Rhines: 
- Finding gifs, formatting them, and adding them to the code base. 
- Affected area of the event (dimensions of the swamp).  
- Transforming of Villagers into Statues 
- Witch entity movement. 
- Action/Animation period of Villager and Witch entities. 
 
Abbey Towse 
- DudeFull entities transforming into Villager entities when they reach the House. 
- Spawning of the Villager and Witch entities. 
- Transforming of Tree entities into DeadTree entities. 
- Transforming of Stump entities into Log entities. 
- Organizing the code base. 


